[Music]
welcome to the break now when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] today we
venture into a heavily requested Korean
horror film I saw the devil's where we
see the sick game of an NIS agent named
Kim Soo yung
play with a very gruesome serial killer
who killed his pregnant girlfriend is so
far one of the craziest Asian films I
ever seen if you want to see what
happens including all the messed up
parts
stay tuned for their breakdowns the
movie starts off with a peaceful drive
down a snowy South Korean road but let
me tell you right away the driver is the
sickest of [ __ ] the driver then
eventually scopes out this white car
with a pretty Korean girl in it named
Jang Joo Eun
she's talking on the phone to her man
her fiance named Kim Soo yung
who is an agent working in the National
Intelligence Service kind of like the
CIA in South Korea this like Julien has
a flat tire it is wedding on some
servers to help her out sort of ease her
situation soon
sings to his love before getting caught
then the man who is driving walks up
staring at Joo Eun and creeping her out
after wondering where he is he surprises
her and attacks the windshield
eventually breaking into her car and
then finally beating her over the head
with his whip we see the aftermath of
that bloody attack and her phone rings
in a bad girl before title screen we
then see her nude and covered up but
still alive the killer named Kong Cheol
ties her so she can't move and then
picks up a thick-ass knife Kong Shah
says since your skin so soft this would
be easy she says don't kill me because I
have a bun in the oven
oh baby my stomach but this revelation
just makes the killer completely kill
her
he completely chops her body parts off
and her ringa Schloss looks like Seoul
is gonna find it later regardless the
killer drags her remains away the next
morning this little chubby boy discovers
a bag holding the ear of the dead girl
and authorities are then called to
search that entire area for more body
parts the girl's father comes to who is
the squad chief in the police
su-eun comes as well but then two
inspectors find the cut-off head of
Juliana and then the idiots drop the
head right in front of Sulu and and the
squatchy I'm sure so use whole world
just turn upside down and it's been
stepped on and his fiancee's phenome he
vows in his head that he will avenge her
death and get the one responsible he's
damn near becoming a vigilante asking
the boss for two weeks off and telling
his partner that he needs a mic and a
GPS transmitter he then talks to the
squad chief about four suspects to check
out who might have been the one to kill
Julian but then sue you leaves once the
badass sister of Julian comes through he
then Nathan Drake's his way to the first
suspects house
catching him jacking the Wiener to some
asian porn he doesn't finish like he
wants to because suyu cuts the power
showing up and choking the suspect to
sleep he questions the pervy man but
even when he denies it
okay wait pause when I'm min min when I
pause it that means someone's gonna lose
something that men have here's your
warning clay soon you and bashes this
dus manhood easily well this dude must
have had a warrant because he turns
himself in to the shock police then sue
you goes after the next suspect running
his ass over and kicking his [ __ ] in
like he really kicked the [ __ ] out of
this dude
but even after getting dick slapped it
looks like he was in the killer after
all so you then looks at the actual
killer
console and he plans to talk to his
family about how he can find him then we
see a girl waiting and sure ended like
and we know how these situations end up
she gets picked up by control and even
after she powerfully hesitates going
with him I actually applaud her for not
being so easily convinced but she got in
anyway later down the ride he stops to
get his pipe and yes she's pretty much
[ __ ] now and gets beat over the head
crazy until she is unconscious back at
the killer pad
he decapitates her easily with no
hesitation later we see soo-eun peeping
around the mom and dad's house of the
killer it Mamaluke just like my grandma
sue you and pretends to be some
insurance agent and it turns out the
killer completely abandoned his parents
and his son over here damn dead be dead
one funny thing is that pops and mama
were arguing at first but once pops
asked to make any money of control dies
momma turns around like yeah Dewey I
love old people he finds cumshaw's home
searching around and discovering he
keeps the belongings of his victims
through pure coincidence he finds the
secret door leading to the killer's
murder room and also through even
greater sheer coincidence of the highest
order he sees his girlfriend's ring
proving that this is the man he's got a
punish then we see some school girls
getting picked up by who by control of
course who works this as his day job but
unknown to him he's being tracked by the
police and by soo young who stuck a
Spidey tracer on his bus control notices
he's [ __ ] when the police call him but
he ignores it looking in the back seat
to see a sleeping schoolgirl do I had to
tell you what it means when a killer
looks at a schoolgirl sadly we later see
the killer has kidnapped that schoolgirl
planning to do the most evil to her all
this movie is so [ __ ] up this movie is
[ __ ] honestly this is a messed up
scene but right before he starts to rape
her he hears his name silently being
caught he gets up to investigate finding
soo-eun waiting for him then they run
into battle which consists of Sulu
dominating control I mean he's just dick
slapping him and every time it's like a
damn daredevil Netflix fight look at
that damn swinging kick well anyway he
uses plastic to suffocate the killer to
sleep and picks up a rock to finish the
job but something inside of him says
stop he then forces a transmitter down
his throat for the purpose of tracking
him and listening to his every word oh
and the girl is safe too the killer
later gives up filling the aftermath of
an
as Whoopie he sees an envelope on his
chest carry money what this like soohyun
wants to play a little sick game the
killer later hitchhikes and officially
gives a taxi wears a funny driver in a
creepy man in the bag the stranger in
the bag looks like he's holding a weapon
meaning that these two men are some
thugs who probably plan to rob the
killer the killer deduces this and he
then stabs the driver and the man in the
back to them like there's barely any
words to describe how bad he killed
these two dudes like I would not want to
share a cell with this man I'd probably
kill him in his sleep
the killer discovers the real taxi
driver in the trunk along with some
soccer player close to where he hides
the two crooks who are then discovered
by SOI human-controlled then get some
medical treatment but bullies this old
doctor and harasses this young girl
later he locks himself in with a girl
telling her to strip her clothes but
remember the transmitter yes
su-eun is on the way he forces the girl
on her knees for the forced oral but
then Sooyoung comes in and beats him
with the fire extinguisher all over the
damn room nobody is [ __ ] with soo-eun
except maybe Matt Murdock and Frank
Qasim I guess Danny ran I don't know
Sooyoung tells him this is just the
beginning and he grabs his foot and
completely destroys his Achilles tendon
like damn I thought he cut my shoe -
well after some healing and crazy
driving we see a man burning bloody
belongings and feeding his doggie some
bloody ass meet this man is a cannibal
named fat [ __ ] who advise control over
for dinner and is clearly eating some
human beef sue you and follows the
transmitter again where he most likely
hears all of that conversation that they
were having at dinner fat [ __ ] goes to
prep his next meal but looks like this
collection of body parts didn't have
what he was looking for so instead he
gets a live animal to butcher up right
before he stars he gets surprised by
su-eun who dig whips as usual breaking
the [ __ ] out of his hand and stabbing
that [ __ ] to the table he then ties him
up but right before he cuts his hand off
control comes in and blasts a shot
so you wanna strain by the Masters
themselves jumping all around and stuff
but it's soon discovered by the
cannibals girlfriend but bam bam and
she's dropped with a two-piece no
biscuit from Korean fried chicken then
cannibal is back for more but he gets
[ __ ] on and gets his head beated the
[ __ ] out of like I'm surprised he didn't
die from his beating he then does some
home alone tactics and beast the killer
up again all over the head then he
switches to hitting him all over the bag
and I'm surprised he ain't done living
yet the next day police take the cannon
blows away from medical attention
soo Yung's behavior is causing injury
from in Korea Inc week how do you say
that [ __ ]
soo users behavior is causing questions
because nobody wants him to become a
monster to fight a monster
including the squad chief and his
comrade here come Cheol is asleep right
behind him and they talk about the
transmitter inside of him punch all over
his this and pretends to be asleep the
killer then wakes up all bruised inside
of a tunnel but then the killer starts
talking to himself knowing that so you
can hear him because of the transmitter
saying you'll regret regret saying
you'll regret not killing me he didn't
walk into a pharmacy stealing laxatives
to [ __ ] out that transmitter soon hoon
arrives at the pharmacy singing the
worker almost dead on the floor okay
pause pause are you guys eating well
hurry up and swallow and put the food
away pause the video if you need to okay
play foods going right guys okay well
the killer shits out the transmitter and
digs into the [ __ ] to find it too he
washes it off and beats a man a real bad
stuffing the transmitter down his throat
to save his location and Confused
soo-eun looks like you don't miss the
real bass to you so you then goes to the
hospital to ask the cannibal killer
where his killer boyfriend is going well
the killer has been realized that soon
you was the fiance of the girl killed in
the beginning so now loose he plans to
kill that girl's family as well and turn
himself in so soon
you can't exact their revenge when the
fat tar starts laughing at how evil the
killer is a distraught soo-eun shoves
his hand through his mouth and [ __ ]
rips his mouth open yeah he's pretty
much [ __ ] now the killer then arrived
at the family's home with a squad sheath
and his other daughter - Ewan cause the
police chief to go there as well just in
case we then see the killer in the house
with a bloody life flight
we then see the killer in the house with
a bloody knife and looks like he messed
up the father real bad
he then grabs a barbell and smashes his
face within multiple times blinding him
once the sister comes home she herself
gets tackled by the killer
su-eun arrives dick slapping any
officers in his way but eventually gets
held back in beaten and ridiculed by the
chief for his mistake of letting a
killer go he didn't listen miss out of
the house where squad chief is blinded
and half dead and the sister was
mutilated so soo-eun races to capture
the killer before he turns himself in
[ __ ] Joe gets out of his whip all bloody
to surrender to the police happy that he
warned against so Union but speaking of
soo-eun he said [ __ ] that noise and
tears his door off driving towards the
killer and narrowly kidnaps him before
the cops can get their hands on him we
didn't see soo Yung's smoking a
cigarette looking kind of like the
killer did when he killed his victims he
had missed his mistake of under
estimating the killer but then less his
cigarette out all on his face he didn't
take the screwdriver thing he and shoves
it through his damn cheek telling him
I'll kill you once you experience the
worst pain well the killer says
downright that there anything you could
take from me I don't care about no pain
so you already lost Buster will not get
actually because Sooyoung sets them up
in a booby trap the killer is right
under a guillotine which is only being
held up by the killer's mouth strength
although it's connected to the door so
if anybody opens it he's gonna be a
bloody head on the floor no I wouldn't
try to round there but you know how it
go so who's gonna open it
no more than the killer's family his mom
dad and son we also see a transmitter
nearby and Sooyoung listens as he ran
was about but he also screams as best as
he can to tell his family to not open
the door
they don't understand him and they pull
the door open
which brings down the blade and cuts off
his head right in front of his child and
his parents the family reacts to the
grisly death and Sooyoung takes off his
headphones walking away sobbing and also
laughing manically well sue you and his
goddess revenge against the killer but
it looks like the killer has awakened
the devil if only sue knew and either
killed him right away
or took him to jail then all those
innocent people that we sing get
murdered or abused would have lived
maybe that would have been what Julian
would have wanted so if there is
fundamentally any lesson to learn here
just don't let revenge fill your heart
but also respect that some of us have
not lost a loved one in a way such as
this now that we've seen a gruesome
killer meat is in let's talk about the
mostest third moment and most enjoy a
moment in that spooky stuff
[Music]
okay so let's get right into it the
mostest third moment is for me probably
the almost attempted rape of a child
tell me down below what you think the
most disturbing moment is the most
enjoyment was probably all the
ass-whooping sue you and delivered and
felt cool to see so many sick [ __ ] get
beat damn near to death tell me what
your most enjoyed moment is to and um
also I apologize if I pronounced
anything wrong you know I'm just an
idiot but that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed this agent thriller and if you
haven't already check out these other
aged and disturbing films if you're new
make sure you click on that pretty
spooky rights logo to subscribe today
thanks for watching spooky out